# OpenPubkey Technical Steering Committee Meeting

Date: Wednesday, May 1, 2024 - 9AM/12PM PT/ET | [Google Meet Link](https://meet.google.com/tes-qcdo-jpf)

Participants:
- Ethan Heilman (BastionZero)
- Jonny Stoten (Docker)
- Lucie Mugnier (BastionZero)

# Agenda
1. Issue prioritization (P1, P2, P3)
2. What labels can we use beyond Good First Issue to help folks get involved? (Perhaps small, medium, large to size the task?) Can we do a second pass of the issues to also include whatever labels we decide on? Please notate what means what so we can add to the readme to keep everyone informed!
3. JKT only in GQ Tokens?
4. Changing GQ JWT interface

# Meeting Notes
## 1 & 2. Issue prioritization (P1, P2, P3)
“Good first issue” really helped with raising engagement. Need a “good next issue” idea. Ethan: would be nice to have packaged projects that people can take.

## 3. JKT only in GQ Tokens?
JKT (JSON Key Thumbprints): Ethan asks where to put them in compact representation. Makes sense to put them in GQ protected header. You only need to do archival verification when you're posting a signature publicly e.g., GQ signature, ZK-SNARK. Jonny to have a look at [Issue 178](https://github.com/openpubkey/openpubkey/issues/178) and get back to Ethan.

## 4. Changing GQ JWT interface
You can have a public key with the same bit-length as the signature but the signature is numerically greater. Building KID/JKT into structure of GQ token to prevent modulus overflow error arising from using incorrect key.

# Action Items
1. (Ethan) Discuss the issue with cryptography and remediation specifically regarding memguard with Joel. Ref Jonny's issue.
2. (Ethan) Create plan surrounding packaged projects.
3. (Ethan) Write contribution guide.
4. (Jonny) Review issue 178 and add opinion regarding Agenda item (3).
