# OpenPubkey Technical Steering Committee Meeting

Date: Wednesday, April 3, 2024 - 9AM/12PM PT/ET | [Google Meet Link](https://meet.google.com/tes-qcdo-jpf)

Participants:
-  Joel Kamp (Docker)
-  Ethan Heilman (BastionZero)
-  Ann Ming Samborski (BastionZero)

# Agenda
1. [Release 0.3 & Release Process Discussion](#release-03)

# Meeting Notes

## Release 0.3

- Preference for regular frequent cadence of releases vs. major releases that are further apart.
- Could set up CI automation to assist with releases (i.e., ReleaseDrafter, all your PRs go into a change summary, and the tool drafts the release notes for you. This would likely be better suited for minor releases).
- Roadmaps for major releases or milestones. 
- Versioning format: major.minor.patch (https://semver.org/)
- Doing a patch release per PR is likely too noisy, but we could consider doing pre-releases like alpha and beta. May be able to offer patch release per PR based on what Dependabot picks up on.
- Open question from Ethan: any recommendations for a package visualization tool?
- Suggestion from Ann: let's use the "good first issue" tag in GitHub to help guide newer members to good places for them to start to get involved. 
- Suggestion from Ann: once we have the full TSC together again, let's go through the issues and prioritize them. Then we can present that in community meeting for feedback and further discussion. 
- Suggestion from Joel: have we considered adding code owners to the repo so that reviewers are automatically added and notified of a PR?
- FOLLOW UP: Ethan to look into code owners. 
